README.md, before:

# TravellersRest-BetterClock

An improved time display that shows the hour and day at all times, instead of slowly swapping between them.

![Better Clock preview image](https://github.com/DrStalker/TravellersRest-BetterClock/blob/main/images/clocksmall.png?raw=true)

## Downloading the mod

Adding Traveller's Rest to Nexus Mods is in progress, until that is complete you can download the mod from [compiled-releases](https://github.com/DrStalker/TravellersRest-BetterClock/tree/main/compiled-releases)

## How to install mods:

* Install [Bepinex](https://github.com/BepInEx/BepInEx/releases/tag/v5.4.23.2)﻿ (Stable version 5.4 for Windows 64; the filename will look like `BepInEx_win_x64_5.4.23.2.zip`)
* Start the game, quit the game after it finishes loading
* This will create a Bepinex config file and a plugins folder that you can put additional mods in
* (optional) Enable the Bepinex Console (see the detailed guide or the Bepinex documentation for steps)
* Copy the mod .dll to the plugins directory.


## How to change mod settings:

* Install the mod and start the game.
* Bepinex will create a file in the \BepInEx\config\ with default settings for the mod.
* Exit the game, edit the config file, restart the game.


## Is this mod save to add/remove mid play-through?

Yes.

## Traveller's Rest Modding Guide

﻿[Here are my notes on modding Traveler's Rest.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSciLNh4KgUxE4L2h_K0KAxi2hE6Z1rhroX0DJVhZIqNEgz2RvYESqffRl8GFONKKF1MjYIIGI5OKHE/pub)

Commit message:

added new feature to readme

README.md, after:

# TravellersRest-BetterClock

An improved time display that shows the hour and day at all times, instead of slowly swapping between them.

New in version 1.1: You can now configure a hotkey (default: F9) to toggle beteen normal times, time moving 5x faster and time moving 5x slower.  The hotkey and fast/slow speeds can be changed in the mod settings.  When the time is runing fast/slow a +/- will be added to the end of the time display.


![Better Clock preview image](https://github.com/DrStalker/TravellersRest-BetterClock/blob/main/images/clocksmall.png?raw=true)

## Downloading the mod

Adding Traveller's Rest to Nexus Mods is in progress, until that is complete you can download the mod from [compiled-releases](https://github.com/DrStalker/TravellersRest-BetterClock/tree/main/compiled-releases)

## How to install mods:

* Install [Bepinex](https://github.com/BepInEx/BepInEx/releases/tag/v5.4.23.2)﻿ (Stable version 5.4 for Windows 64; the filename will look like `BepInEx_win_x64_5.4.23.2.zip`)
* Start the game, quit the game after it finishes loading
* This will create a Bepinex config file and a plugins folder that you can put additional mods in
* (optional) Enable the Bepinex Console (see the detailed guide or the Bepinex documentation for steps)
* Copy the mod .dll to the plugins directory.


## How to change mod settings:

* Install the mod and start the game.
* Bepinex will create a file in the \BepInEx\config\ with default settings for the mod.
* Exit the game, edit the config file, restart the game.


## Is this mod save to add/remove mid play-through?

Yes.

## Traveller's Rest Modding Guide

﻿[Here are my notes on modding Traveler's Rest.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSciLNh4KgUxE4L2h_K0KAxi2hE6Z1rhroX0DJVhZIqNEgz2RvYESqffRl8GFONKKF1MjYIIGI5OKHE/pub)
